Add legal terms to glossary (#839)
elastisys/compliantkubernetes: docs/glossary.md

* [Contributor Guide](contributor-guide/index.md)

> ## Critical Entity
> 
> Critical Entities are organizations which are considered to provide essential services to society and have obligations according to the [EU Critical Entities Resilience (CER) Directive](https://eur-lex.europa.eu/eli/dir/2022/2557/oj#d1e32-193-1).
> In particular, they need to take certain measures related to physical and staff security.
> 
> There is not clear definition for Critical Entities.
> Instead, EU Member States must implement a process for identifying critical entities based on categories of entities published in CER.
> 
> See also:
> 
> * [EU Critical Entities Resilience (CER) Directive: Categories of Entities](https://eur-lex.europa.eu/eli/dir/2022/2557/oj#d1e32-193-1)
> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Critical Entity

To paraphrase the [EU Critical Entities Resilience (CER) Directive](https://eur-lex.europa.eu/eli/dir/2022/2557/oj#d1e32-193-1): critical entities are providers of essential services, and they play an indispensable role in the maintenance of vital societal functions or economic activities in the internal market in an increasingly interdependent Union economy.
In particular, they all need to take various measures related to physical and staff security.

The EU CER Directive refers to the related [EU NIS2 Directive](https://eur-lex.europa.eu/legal-content/EN/TXT/?uri=CELEX:32022L2555) in which it is stated that critical entities within the digital infrastructure setting must take appropriate and proportionate technical, operational and organisational measures to manage the risks posed to the security of network and information systems and to notify significant incidents and cyber threats.

However, there is no single clear definition for Critical Entities.
Instead, EU Member States must implement a process for identifying critical entities based on categories of entities published in EU CER Directive.

See also:

* [EU Critical Entities Resilience (CER) Directive: Categories of Entities](https://eur-lex.europa.eu/eli/dir/2022/2557/oj#d1e32-193-1)

```
